Changelog (#1889)
adazzle/react-data-grid: docs/CHANGELOG.md

- Row and Cell renderers no longer receive `cellMetaData` prop
- Remove `getCellActions` prop. Check [here](https://github.com/adazzle/react-data-grid/pull/1845) on how to migrate
- Remove `react-data-grid-addons` package.
- Remove subrow props (`getSubRowDetails`, `onCellExpand`, `onDeleteSubRow`, and `onAddSubRow`). Check [here](https://github.com/adazzle/react-data-grid/pull/1853) on how to migrate
- Remove `cellContentRenderer`
- `column.editor`, `rowRenderer`, and `headerRenderer` no longer support `ReactElement`
- `column.formatter` no longer receives a `value` prop.
- Remove `column.events` prop
- Replace `rowGetter` and `rowsCount` props with a single `rows` prop
- Rename `minHeight` to `height`
- Rename `minWidth` to `width`
- Rename `RowsContainer` to `rowsContainer`
- Rename `onGridSort` to `onSort`
- Rename `onGridRowsUpdated` to `onRowsUpdate`

## next -> canary
- Column resize now resizes all the cells which means re-rendering the whole grid when resizing columns.
- Add `column.cellContentRenderer`. This is an opt-in feature, so it should not break anything. More info in [here](https://gist.github.com/nstepien/090298c3c2d94324cb332c33d82fdcfb)

> - `ReactDataGrid` component is renamed to `DataGrid`

Reviewer: Do we really need to mention this? I mean this seems something internal as they can still import like 
```
import ReactDataGrid from 'react-data-grid';
```

Author: We don't need it as it is a default import. I just added it to emphasize that we should use `import DataGrid` instead of `import ReactDataGrid`. We can remove it from the final release notes

- Drop ImmutableJS support
- Drop dynamic height row support. This was not an official feature but it was still possible to implement dynamic rows via custom Row renderer. This was a buggy feature so it has been removed.
- Remove `formatter.isScrolling` prop. `isScrolling` prop was introduced to improve performance of expensive formatters. This is no longer required as the internals of the grid were rewritten to improve performance
- Add summary rows [1773](https://github.com/adazzle/react-data-grid/pull/1773)
- Remove row reordering support. This was a buggy feature so it has been removed. 
- Remove toolbar prop. Check [here](https://github.com/adazzle/react-data-grid/pull/1769) on how to migrate.
- Remove internal `sortColumn` and `sortDirection` states. Sorting is now only controlled by `sortColumn` and `sortDirection` props. Check [here](https://github.com/adazzle/react-data-grid/pull/1768) on how to migrate.
- Improve scrolling performance
- Improve frozen columns performance

> - Re-implement row selection. Previous row selection API has been replaced by the new `selectedRows` and `onSelectedRowsChange` props. A new `SelectColumn` component is now needed to add checkbox column. Check [here](https://github.com/adazzle/react-data-grid/pull/1762) on how to migrate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Re-implement row selection. Previous row selection API has been replaced by the new `selectedRows` and `onSelectedRowsChange` props. A new `SelectColumn` is now available to import and add a row selection column. Check [here](https://github.com/adazzle/react-data-grid/pull/1762) on how to migrate.
```

- Add `renderBatchSize` prop [1779](https://github.com/adazzle/react-data-grid/pull/1779)
- Remove bootstrap dependency and re-implement grid css [1780](https://github.com/adazzle/react-data-grid/pull/1780)

> ## master -> next

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## master -> alpha
```
`next` is the branch name, while `alpha` is the npm tag, should probably use it instead. And rename the next branch maybe.
